Always dressed to kill.
Be not afraid of being called unfashionable.
Being well-dressed is my kind of happiness.
Call me a hot mess, but never a fashion disaster.
Clothes are family. Take care of them well.
Create your own style.
Do you want to be original? Then be prepared to be copied!
Dress up your mind and you’ll be able to make all sorts of fashion statements.
Dressed and ready to eliminate competition.
Elegant, dashing, and daring.
Embroider your heart into the fabric of your clothes.
Everything looks good with confidence.
Expressing the boldness of beauty through fashion.
Fabulous clothes make me remember how beautiful life is.
Fashion is not about the brand. It's about the style.
Fashion is just another accessory for someone with great style.
Find your happy colors. They’re the ones that make you feel good inside.
Good clothes open all doors.
I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream.
If you like it, wear it.
Is sensuality at the top of your priority list? If not, then you are undervaluing yourself.      
Life is a party, so dress for it.
Life ain’t perfect, but my outfit is!
Make it simple, but significant.
My dreams are made of fabric.
My style is my simple way of conveying the complex things in my mind.
Never confuse elegance for snobbery.
Never forget to wear your smile. It’s the most crucial thing of your get-up.
No matter what style you choose to personify, be original.
Obsessed with shoes.
Once you decide to be yourself, your beauty begins to manifest.
Purchase less by choosing well.
Ready to wear, ready to go.
Real models don't go with the trend. They set the trend.
Style isn’t about what you wear. It’s about how you live.
The joy of dressing is an art.
The way I dress usually tells the state of my being.
Too glam to give a damn.
Unique yet distinctive from others.
We are all but canvases to the art called fashion.
Wear it and own it!
When in doubt, overdress.
You can gain anything you want in life, if you dress for it.
You don’t even have to be generically good-looking. Being well-dressed is enough.
A good model can advance fashion by several years.
A respectable appearance commands an invisible aura of respect.
As soon as a fashion trend is rendered universal, it becomes out of date.
Beauty comes when fashion succeeds.
Elegance is beauty. It’s the kind that never fades.
Fashion is fickle. Style, on the other hand, endures time.
Fashion is what you acquire when your identity is a blur.
In order to survive the reality of mundane life, one must wear fashion like an armor.
It’s never about the clothes you wear. It's about the impression they create.
It’s not about what you’re wearing. It’s about how you carry yourself in whatever you’re wearing.Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests.
Logos are the bleating of the insecure, desperate for acceptance by the chronically shallow.     
One can never be over-dressed or over-educated.
Real style is never right or wrong. It’s all a matter of being yourself.
Reinvent and improvise. Become more creative. Do it not because you have to, but because you want to.
Sensuality begets aesthetics.
Shoes transform your body language and attitude. They lift you physically and emotionally.       
Simplicity speaks with splendor.
Style is innate to all of us. We just have to find it.
Style was never a display of wealth. It has always been an expression of imagination.
Take care of your attire, and your confidence will take care of the rest.
The real fashion show is on the street. Always has been, always will be.
The best things in life are free. The second best are very expensive.
To wear ambitions on one's own feet is to begin to materialize one's own dreams into reality.    
When it comes to style, always trust your instincts.
When you don’t dress like everybody else, you don’t have to think like everybody else.
Where there is fashion, there is freedom. So don’t let it imprison you.
Adornment? What a science! Beauty? What a weapon! Modesty? What elegance!
All is fair in fashion and war.
Am I overdressed? Yes? Great!
Are you saying that fashion is a crime? Then I plead guilty on all accounts!
Be a flamingo in a flock of pigeons.
Deep inside, I’m still wearing my pajamas.
Dogs won’t snarl at you if you’re well-dressed.
Don’t tell anyone, but I’ve got a black belt in shopping.
Dress how you want to be addressed.
Dress like you're going to see your arch-nemesis.
Everything is possible when you’re wearing a cute outfit.
Fine clothes may serve as a fine disguise. Just be careful when you talk, because silly words will disclose a fool.
Give me a darker color and I’ll stop wearing black.
God bless this spicy disaster!
Good clothes really help during bad days.
Humor makes up a large chunk my style.
I hate narcissism, but I approve of vanity.
I just rescued a pair of shoes. They were trapped in a store.
I put the hot in psychotic.
If I’m going to be a mess, I might as well be a hot mess.
In difficult times, fashion is always outrageous.
Life is too short to be wearing the same clothes every single day.
Life is too short to wear boring clothes.
Looking this cheap has actually cost me a lot of money.
My dog approves my style!
My fashion sense isn’t antiquated! It’s just too advanced for this era.
My favorite emails are the ones telling me that my order has been shipped.
Never wear anything that displeases the cat.
Not only did this outfit make me more attractive, it also fixed my posture.
People will stare. Make it worth their while.
Playing dress-up begins at a toddler age and never truly ends.
Sometimes, I think the fashion industry is not ready for my body.
There’s this thing about black clothes that says: "I don’t bother you, so don’t bother me!"      
Trendy is the last stage before tacky.
Whoever claimed that money can’t buy happiness just had no idea where to go shopping.
Work now, shop later!
Would you look at that! I still remember how to get dressed.
You’ll have to dress up for the day anyway, so you might as well make it fun!
A sweet and fragrant future awaits a lady who wears nice perfume.
A woman who’s wearing beautiful shoes can never be unattractive.
Accessories are the exclamation marks to a woman’s outfit.
Are you wondering what the secret to my confidence is? Makeup!
Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. Either that or a kick-ass red lipstick!      
Bold accessories are my kind of armor.
Chasing dreams in high heels.
Cinderella is my role model. She has good work ethics, and a fine taste for shoes.
Clothes aren’t going to change the world. The women wearing them will.
Dress to entertain yourself.
Dressing up like the perfect doll I am!
Eyes on my outfit, but focus on me.
Fabulous has eight letters, and so does meeeeeee.
Fear a woman who can run in her high heels.
Happy and easygoing girls are the prettiest.
I don’t do petty. I do pretty
I wear makeup to look good, not to look like I’m wearing makeup.
Just like my heels, my standards are high.
Keep your head, heels, and standards high.
Ladies should always be classy and fabulous.
Learn to wear high heels. It’s the secret to living the high life.
Maybe she was born with it.
No fashionable woman lets their clothes wear them.
Not only do my shoes match my bag, but my actions match my words.
Nothing haunts us ladies like the things we didn’t buy.
Passion is the most beautiful makeup.
Pretty, sexy, and well-dressed.
Sweatpants, tied hair, no makeup, and nonchalance—my kind of style!
The more I am comfortable in my own skin, the sexier I become.
There is power in wearing high heels.
When a girl smiles, her dress smiles as well.
With the right pair of shoes, I can conquer the world.
Without foundation, there can be no fashion.
Women who wear black, lead colorful lives.
A few simple outfits is enough. After all, I only have one secret—the simpler, the better!       
A little dirt every now and then doesn’t hurt. Let the wind blow your hair. Just keep yourself neat when the situation calls for it.
Always tie your tie properly. It’s the first step to being a gentleman.
Attire yourself appropriately. Unclothed people have little or no influence on society.
Being classy is my very own form of rebellion.
Believe in your own style and stick to it no matter what.
Bow ties are my friends!
Clothes don’t make a man. Clothes, however, have gotten many men good jobs.
Confidence is the key.
Dare to be the best dressed gentleman in the room!
Dress like the gentleman you know yourself to be.
Dress as if you own the world.
Eliminate competition by dressing better!
Find perfection and strive for it.
Fix your hair and brush your teeth. If you’ve done both, then you’re good to go.
Good grooming is a reflection of good manners.
Haircuts have been some of my worst mistakes.
I groom myself not because I am self-important. I do it because I have self-respect.
I have a sense of style. Therefore, I have a sense of self.
If you’re going to ask someone for money, be sure to wear a tie.
Ignore the naysayers and just wear what suits you best!
Just do it...with style.
Keep calm and be a gentleman.
Keep calm and suit up.
Let your style speak for itself.
Looking dignified makes the world see your good manners.
Look good, feel good.
Never doubt your own taste. Whatever you fancy deep in your heart will never be out of style.    
Perfection may be out of reach, but not the perfect suit.
Simple yet sophisticated.
Suit yourself up!
Suits never go out of style.
The truly fashionable are beyond fashion.
Who’s a one-man fashion phenomenon? That’s me!
With well-groomed hair and a dandy pair of shoes, you can get away with almost anything.
You don’t find a style. A style finds you!
Always dress like it’s the best day of your life.
Bad vibes don’t go with my outfit.
Boldness is my fashion statement.
Clothing and fashion are kind of my security blanket.
Conformity is the only real fashion crime.
Don’t just stand out. Make them remember you!
Either you know fashion or you don’t. There’s no in-between.
Even high treason is excusable when one is wearing the finest garments.
Fashion is like eating—you shouldn’t stick to the same menu!
Fashion is whatever you wear. Unfashion is what other people wear.
I do fashion to tell a narrative.
I don't do fashion. I am fashion.
I’ve always been fashion conscious.
if you're having a bad day, dress as if it might become your best.
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
Isn’t elegance forgetting what one is wearing?
It’s my job to reinvent and recreate myself every day.
Just like a virus, fashion has infected the modern world.
Keep your body fit, and your mind healthy. It’s the best fashion statement.
Life is a fashion parade.
Luxury is in each detail.
Make every outfit count.
My feet are still on the ground. I’m just wearing better shoes.
One’s personal style is always a hundred-fold better.
Really good clothes never go out of fashion.
Setting my own trends.
Smart. Strong. Silly. Straight up class act.
Style, because your personality isn't the first thing people see.
The first step to acquiring your own style is knowing who you are.
There is no meaning in clothes until someone wears them.
Who says shoes are just for walking?
You either have style or you don't. And if you have it, you have it all the time.